Welcome to the MMU Minecraft Society!
Also try UoM Minecraft Society!
Made by MerlinSpace!
Code by MerlinSpace!
Made by oderzo!
Textures & Models by oderzo!
Made by Freddy, oderzo, Hannah, Mia and Calum!
Made by MerlinSpace, oderzo, HannahLucyyy, miaalicexoxo, and CalRay2!
The server is free!
Please become a member so we don't go bankrupt......
Thank you to Iman, the goat!
frens ov teh disleksikc
give @a hugs 64
You are welcome here!
Custom-made just for (MM) You!
Don't miss your classes!
Business before pleasure!
Finish your homework first, play Minecraft with a good conscience!
Hilariously overengineered!
Powered by Next.js, NestJS, gRPC, SQLite, Docker, and FabricMC!
With over 1000 additional new advancements!
You're not poor enough irl yet, now you can be poor in Minecraft!
Now with really, really, really, really, really bad Minecraft jokes!
Griefers never prosper!
and the universe said I love you
You are the player. Wake up.
Est. 2025
One does not simply collect all advancements.
Share your builds on the discord!
Talk to the other players on the discord
Start your coursework early!
3 * 26 - 11
Run by magitions.
Connect with others, come to the irl events!
We want your suggestions!
Meet fellow gamers irl, come to the in-person events!
MMU SMP!
Now with cool cosmetics!
Now with powerful charms!
erm - beetroot soup is like... the best food.
Data-driven!
Made by the winners of ALL of last year's build events!
WORDLE IN TWO!!!!!j2oej90ijoasndjfkl2jodi
Wordle in 1... Trust me.
Wordle in x... :-(
Wordle in 6... *gulp*
Our members consistently smell better than sulfur!
You can invite non-MMU members! Reach out to the mod team!
Aww man!
MINEKARTS FTW!
Bater Wucket!
Wasting union funds on funny haha video game since 2025!
Another day, another fake wordle word.
Paris in Haze forever!!!
no herobrine mod included, trust me bro fr fr
now with 100% less infinite diamond exploits... hopefully
FIX BEDROCK MOJANG
"First we mine, then we craft. LET'S MINECRAFT!"
As a child, I yearned for the MMU Minecraft Society Server.
CHICKEN JOCKEY!
Sniffer Supremacy!